Your Highness
His Highness has returned from slavery for a long time
Yes!
Returned from slavery for a long time
Back ok
Will the servant bring back all His Highness' folds?
Ah'e
Change my clothes
I want to rest
Yeah, who?
big brother
awake
Ah, so it's the fourth brother?
fourth brother
Recently, you and your third brother are cute and smooth
big brother
Do you know the demons and ghosts today?
It's past Enron County
Although General Ji's military power was taken back by his father
I want to settle down for the third brother
It will take a few days.
Beiwu Prefecture, which is now facing the demon
But it can only be done with one of the workshops in Zhongjun
Big brother tell the truth
Not going well
When will the father be able to settle the soldier dog?
possible
It will take some time.
It's just that the third brother
I always feel unsure
Why not be sure?
Fourth brother, what big brother can help?
You can tell big brother
This is also a way to make a living for the common people.
Can't be sloppy
fourth brother
big brother
That's right, the third brother also thinks
We must give the people of the world a way out as soon as possible
But relying on the third brother alone
Not quite.
Big brother has said this, indeed
There really is something you can do to help
What are you busy with?
big brother
Now the heart is divided
The third brother decides
Go to the battlefield in person
Inspire the fighting spirit of the soldiers
A way to live for the people of the world
But if at this moment
There is a force in this palace
around the corner
Brother, tell me
Third brother can go with confidence